>> Woodruff: FIERCE FIGHTING IN
UKRAINE.
HOPES FOR NEW PEACE TALKS FAIL
AS PRO-RUSSIAN REBELS TRY TO
SEIZE IMPORTANT TOWNS IN THE
EAST.
GOOD EVENING, I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
ALSO AHEAD:
>> IT'S EASIER THAN EVER TO
BECOME A FILMMAKER.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN IT'S EASIER
THAN EVER TO BECOME A
SUSTAINABLE FILMMAKER.
>> Woodruff: WE TRAVEL TO
UTAH AT SUNDANCE, WHERE
DIRECTORS ARE TRADING THE
THEATER IN FOR THE SMALL SCREEN.
AND WHY VIDEO ON DEMAND COMES
FIRST FOR MORE INDEPENDENT
FILMMAKERS IN SEARCH OF AN
AUDIENCE.
>> MAYBE IT'S TIME WE STOPPED
CALLING OURSELVES FILMMAKERS.
MAYBE IT'S TIME TO START CALLING
OURSELVES CONTENT MAKERS OR
STORYTELLERS.
BECAUSE THERE IS, JUST TO SAY A
FILMMAKER LIMITS THE EXPECTATION
TO A CERTAIN LENGTH AND A
CERTAIN EXPECTATION OF A
THEATRICAL RELEASE.
>> Wdrufoof: AND IT'S FRIDAY,
MARK SHIELDS AND DAVID BROOKS
ARE HERE, TO ANALYZE THE WEEK'S
NEWS.
THOSE ARE SOME OF THE STORIES
WE'RE COVERING ON TONIGHT'S PBS
NEWSHOUR.